Jeremy Wood
CSCI 4611 Assignment 3 - Earthquake

The purpose of this project was to display earthquakes from a dataset of earthquakes on a map of the earth. The dataset of earthquakes contained information such as the location, time, and magnitude. This information was used to place the earthquake on the map at the correct time in the correct place with a color and size corresponding to its magnitude. The earthquakes were represented with spheres. 

The first thing that was done was the creation of an n x m mesh that an image of the earth was overlaid on top of. This mesh was created by setting vertices that were connected together to form triangles. These vertices were set to form a plane and a sphere in which both set of vertices were saved so that the plane and sphere could be transitioned between. 

With the mesh created, the earthquakes were displayed by getting a set of earthquakes relative to the current time, and looping through the list of them. For each earthquake, its plane and sphere coordinates were obtained using the LatLongToPlane and LatLongToSphere methods. A linear interpolation was performed between these two coordinates based on a transition variable that represented whether the mesh was a plane or a sphere, or if it was in between and currently transitioning. If the transition variable is a 0, then the mesh is fully a plane, and if it is a 1 then it is fully a sphere. If it is in between that means that it is currently transition from one to the other, so the coordinates of the earthquake points will be somewhere in between. This allows for a smooth transition of the points when transitioning from a plane to a sphere and vice versa. 

Once the proper coordinates are obtained, the magnitude of the earthquake is normalized and then scaled. If the normalized magnitude is not scaled, the value is far too large for the scale matrix, and the points on the map will be huge. The values in the scale matrix work well if they are somewhere between roughly 0.01 and 0.03. The scaled normalized magnitude has a 0.01 added to it to have a baseline value of 0.01 rather than 0, because otherwise a minimum magnitude earthquake wouldn't show up because its normalized magnitude would be 0. Small magnitude earthquakes would be hard to see without the 0.01 added. The rest of the scale factors were determined experimentally through tweaking some of the values and seeing what looked good visually. The aim was to provide enough distinction between the different magnitudes such that the size of the dot of a large magnitude earthquake could be distinguished from the size of the dot of a small magnitude earthquake. This is why the normalized magnitude is multiplied by itself since this provides more distinction between small and large magnitudes by removing linear scaling. The rest of the scaling factors were chosen such that no point would be too large and the location of it would be hard to determine visually if it extended into other parts of the map too much.

Finally, the scaled normalized magnitude was multiplied by a factor that changed with time, so the points would grow and shrink as they came and went, rather than just appearing out of nowhere.

The color of the point is such that a higher magnitude earthquake is more red, and a lower magnitude earthquake is more yellow. This was done by setting the R value to 1.0, and the G value to 1.0 - normalizedMag in the color argument of DrawSphere. The higher the magnitude, the lower the G value, and the more red the dot appeared.
