Jeremy Wood CSCI 4611 Assignment 5 - ArtRender

The purpose of this assignment was to use GLSL shaders to achieve phong lighting and an artistic lighting that involved shading of edges. 
For phong lighting, the vector from the vertex to the light was calculated and normalized, along with the normal vector and the vector from the vertex to the eye. Lastly a halfway vector was calculated (this was used as opposed to a reflection vector) by summing the light and eye vectors, and then normalizing. The normal vector and light vector were used in the calculation of the diffuse lighting by dotting them together, and then using the max function to clamp the dot product value such that it would never be less than 0. The normal vector and halfway vector were used in the calculation of the specular lighting by dotting them together, clamping the dot product so it will not be less than 0, and then raising that to the power s. The color is determined by summing the ambient, diffuse, and specular light.

The artsy lighting was done first in the fragment shader and then in the vertex shader. In the fragment shader, the light, normal, eye, and halfway vectors were calculated in the same way as the ones in the phong shader. The only difference is in the diffuse and specular lighting which use the diffuse and specular ramp textures. For diffuse lighting, if the dot product is -1, the texture coordinate should be 0, and if the dot product is 1, the texture coordinate should be 1, so we arrive at the texture coordinate equation of 
0.5 * dot(n, l) + 0.5. For the specular lighting, the texture coordinate used for the specular ramp is simply the normal vector dotted with the halfway vector and clamped such that it is never less than 0, and then raised to the power s.

The vertex shading involved calculating the eye vector by transforming the vertex into eye space and then subracting it from the point 
(0, 0, 0). The left and right normals were transformed into eye space, and then both dotted with the eye vector. If the dot of the left normal with the eye vector and the dot of the right normal with the eye vector have different signs, then the vertex is displaced by the thickness * normal vector for the compuation of the output position.
